# Assignment6 - DH150 Low-Fi Prototype

The three features I wrote as usage scenario included one on giving users the option to put in dedicated time to do their homework and to lock all social media apps throughout the time of homework. Another feature was a warning that popped up for the user when he or she scheduled something that was at the same time as another event or activity that was scheduled. Lastly, my third feature was being able to see your contacts synced schedules and availabilities so that the user can see which days their friends are free to hangout or grab a meal. I had 3 personas that were all in college, but some were older and some were younger, where one of them was a freshmen of college and another one was a 5th year part-time student. The user-research was a great process for me to understand what complications and obstacles users have when managing their time and scheduling their time. The purpose of this low-fidelity prototyping is to visualize what the features would look like and how users would interact with it. I am specifically just drawing out the main features that I want the users to focus on and this process will help me with my high-fidelity prototypes because I will have the foundation down.

The tester did not have much confusion through the whole testing process. The first feature was an easy task for the user to get through and she did not seem confused about any functions. The second task was similar to the first, where she also did not have much trouble or confusion going through the task. The third feature was the hardest one for the user because she did not completely understand what some of the buttons meant and where to go after a button was pressed. The most confusing part for her was adding your own schedule to hang out with a friend, where you did not have to go to contacts. This might be a confusing function because I was not clear where the button took the user and why. I think I need to be more clear with that label so the users are not as confused. 

Overall, I felt that the process went smoothly because the wireframes look exactly how I want to and the testing did not make me have to change many features. However, it was quite difficult when deciding how to draw the wireframes because I did not really know where to start and how to start. It took me awhile to figure out how many features I want in the app and how to set it up where it is easy for the user to understand. The only thing I would like to change is the “add your own” section in the hangouts because it was not clear what that meant. I would address the problem by changing the “add your own” to potentially “Add own hangout” to show the user that this is the case if you do not want to use the contacts option and just manually input the date and time to hangout. Additionally, with the pending box that pops up after confirming the date and time when hanging out with your friend, I want to revise this by giving a description on the bottom saying something about how the other person will confirm the date and time after you submit it, and then it will change from pending to scheduled. I should change the option from confirm to submit instead so the user knows it is not confirmed yet until after the other person confirms it. 
